[Autogenerated] in this clip will take what we've learned so far
in the module and apply it to Globomantics,
the wireless carrier we've been following.
What is the current pain point?
Well,
customer turned last year was 14.5% and we have no way to predict who
will leave so that we can incentivize them to stay.
How are we currently solving this problem?
If a customer gets angry during the service call and threatens to leave,
then the customer service agent can offer them an incentive.
And this is something.
But at that point it might be too late.
It would be really nice if we could be more proactive about
incentivizing those customers who are flight risks.
What data do we have?
And is it labeled?
Here's a snapshot of the data will be working within the demos you'll see here.
There's a good amount of features again, those are the columns for observations.
There's a lot more than I can show here,
but this will give you a sense of what we have to work with.
And then finally,
the target that we're trying to predict is whether the
customer will churn and you'll see we have a label for that
in the final column called Churn.
So our machine learning problem is predictive.
A customer will leave, our target is true or false,
and the type of problem we're solving is a binary classification problem,
which falls under supervised learning.
Next, how will we define success?
We're going to say that we want the customer churn rate to drop to 4% and
customer retention incentives shouldn't exceed $750,000.
This question about success is an important one to answer upfront.
Before you do anything with your data or model or anything else,
you can spend a lot of time and resource is putting
together a machine learning solution.
But if you don't know how you're defining success,
then how will you know when you're done or if it
was even worth the effort spent?
What are the trade offs?
Well,
some customers will be given incentives even though they're not turned risks,
and then some customers who are given incentives are going to leave.
Anyways, we know this won't be a perfect solution,
so you want to think through the trade offs and if they're worth it,
Finally, what's out of scope.
What aren't we trying to solve or account for with this solution the
activation or downgrade of service or features?
In other words, if somebody switches to a cheaper plan,
we're not trying to solve that as a turn problem and the sales
experience of performance of the customer service agent.
While the customer's interaction with the agent definitely
has bearing on how happy they are or not,
we're not going to account for that in our machine learning solution.
So hopefully that helps you to see how to transform a business
problem into a machine learning problem and think through some of the
nuances that might not be apparent upfront. And with that, let's wrap up the module.